Digital twin blog (#3635)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/digital-twins.mdx

---
publish_date: 2025-04-09
title: "Digital Twins: Bridging Physical Assets and Digital Identities"

> description: Learn about digital twins, a way to model physical assets, and their data and permissions, in the real world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about digital twins—virtual replicas of physical systems—and their role in optimizing performance and reducing downtime in the real world. 
```
